README.md, before:

![logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SelfhostedPro/Yacht/master/readme_media/Yacht_logo_1_dark.png "templates")

[![Docker Hub Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/selfhostedpro/yacht?color=%2341B883&label=Docker%20Pulls&logo=docker&logoColor=%23403d3d&style=for-the-badge)](https://hub.docker.com/r/selfhostedpro/yacht)
[![Docker Image Size](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/selfhostedpro/yacht/vue?color=%2341B883&label=Image%20Size&logo=docker&logoColor=%23403d3d&style=for-the-badge)](https://hub.docker.com/r/selfhostedpro/yacht)
[![Layers](https://img.shields.io/microbadger/layers/selfhostedpro/yacht?color=%2341B883&label=Layers&logo=docker&logoColor=%23403d3d&style=for-the-badge)](https://hub.docker.com/r/selfhostedpro/yacht)

## Yacht
Yacht is a container management UI with a focus on templates and 1-click deployments.

## Demo:
![Tempaltes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SelfhostedPro/Yacht/master/readme_media/Yacht-Demo.gif "templates")

## Installation:
Currently only linux has been verified as working but we are open to the idea of supporting windows eventually as well.

**Keep in mind, this is an alpha so the risk of data loss is real and it may not be stable**

Installation documentation can be found [here](https://yacht.sh/Installation/yacht/).

Check out the getting started guide if this is the first time you've used Yacht: https://yacht.sh/Installation/gettingstarted/

## Features So Far:
* Vuetify UI Framework
* Basic Container Management
* Template Framework
* Easy Template Updating
* Centralized settings for volume management and similar QOL functionality.


## Planned Features:
* Advanced Container Management (Edit/Modify)
* Container Monitoring
* Docker-Compose Compatibility
* Easy access to container interfaces
* User Management

*If you want something that's not planned please open a feature request issue and we'll see about getting it added.*

## Templating:
Currently Yacht is compatible with portainer templates. You'll add a template url in the "Add Template" settings. The the template will be read, separated into apps, and imported into the database. The apps associated with the templates are linked via a db relationship so when the template is removed, so are the apps associated with it. We store the template url as well so we can enable updating templates with a button press.

We recommend starting with: 
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SelfhostedPro/selfhosted_templates/yacht/Template/template.json
```

In templates you are able to define variables (starting with `!`) to have them automatically replaced by whatever variable the user has set in their server settings (ie. `!config` will be replaced by `/yacht/AppData/Config` by default). 

## Notes for ARM devices
If you're on arm and graphs aren't showing up add the following to your cmdline.txt:
```
cgroup_enable=cpuset cgroup_enable=memory cgroup_memory=1
```
## License
[MIT License](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

added per app controlls to docker-compose project details

README.md, after:

![logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SelfhostedPro/Yacht/master/readme_media/Yacht_logo_1_dark.png "templates")

[![Docker Hub Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/selfhostedpro/yacht?color=%2341B883&label=Docker%20Pulls&logo=docker&logoColor=%23403d3d&style=for-the-badge)](https://hub.docker.com/r/selfhostedpro/yacht)
[![Docker Image Size](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/selfhostedpro/yacht/vue?color=%2341B883&label=Image%20Size&logo=docker&logoColor=%23403d3d&style=for-the-badge)](https://hub.docker.com/r/selfhostedpro/yacht)
[![Layers](https://img.shields.io/microbadger/layers/selfhostedpro/yacht?color=%2341B883&label=Layers&logo=docker&logoColor=%23403d3d&style=for-the-badge)](https://hub.docker.com/r/selfhostedpro/yacht)

## Yacht
Yacht is a container management UI with a focus on templates and 1-click deployments.

## Demo:
![Tempaltes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SelfhostedPro/Yacht/master/readme_media/Yacht-Demo.gif "templates")

## Installation:
Currently only linux has been verified as working but we are open to the idea of supporting windows eventually as well.

**Keep in mind, this is an alpha so the risk of data loss is real and it may not be stable**

Installation documentation can be found [here](https://yacht.sh/Installation/yacht/).

Check out the getting started guide if this is the first time you've used Yacht: https://yacht.sh/Installation/gettingstarted/

## Features So Far:
* Vuetify UI Framework
* Basic Container Management
* Template Framework
* Easy Template Updating
* Centralized settings for volume management and similar QOL functionality.


## Planned Features:
* Advanced Container Management (Edit/Modify)
* Container Monitoring
* Docker-Compose Compatibility
* Easy access to container interfaces
* User Management

*If you want something that's not planned please open a feature request issue and we'll see about getting it added.*

## Templating:
Currently Yacht is compatible with portainer templates. You'll add a template url in the "Add Template" settings. The the template will be read, separated into apps, and imported into the database. The apps associated with the templates are linked via a db relationship so when the template is removed, so are the apps associated with it. We store the template url as well so we can enable updating templates with a button press.

We recommend starting with: 
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SelfhostedPro/selfhosted_templates/yacht/Template/template.json
```

In templates you are able to define variables (starting with `!`) to have them automatically replaced by whatever variable the user has set in their server settings (ie. `!config` will be replaced by `/yacht/AppData/Config` by default). 

## Notes for ARM devices
If you're on arm and graphs aren't showing up add the following to your cmdline.txt:
```
cgroup_enable=cpuset cgroup_enable=memory cgroup_memory=1
```
## Supported Environment Variables
You can utilize the following environment variables in Yacht. None of them are manditory.

| Variable  | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| PUID | Set userid that the container will run as. |
| PGID | Set groupid that the container will run as. |
| SECRET_KEY  | Setting this to a random string ensures you won't be logged out in between reboots of Yacht.  |
| ADMIN_EMAIL  | This sets the email for the default Yacht user.  |
| DISABLE_AUTH  | This disables authentication on the backend of Yacht. It's not recommended unless you're using something like Authelia to manage authentication.  |
| DATABASE_URL | If you want to have Yacht use a database like SQL instead of the built in sqlite on you can put that info here in the following format: `postgresql://user:password@postgresserver/db` |
| COMPOSE_DIR | This is the path inside the container which contains your folders that have docker compose projects. (*compose tag only*)|
## License
[MIT License](LICENSE.md)
